5 intercloud and interoperability  
 
818  
ii.21 reference point: i-mr-sp 
ii.22 reference point: i-psm-sa 
ii.23 reference point: i-sa-spm 
ii.24 reference point: i-sa-psi 
ii.25 reference point: i-psm-spm 
ii.26 reference point: i-spm-psi 
ii.27 reference point: i-spm-aspm 
ii.28 reference point: i-slm-ipm 
ii.29 reference point: i-psm-slm 
ii.30 reference point: i-mr-slm 
ii.31 reference point: i-slm-psi 
ii.32 reference point: i-mr-ipm 
ii.33 reference point: i-psm-mr 
ii.34 reference point: i-mr-psi 
ii.35 reference point: i-psm-ipm 
ii.36 reference point: i-ipm-psi 
ii.37 reference point: i-psm-aim 
ii.38 reference point: i-psm-em 
ii.39 reference point: i-psm-ba 
ii.40 reference point: i-psm-aa 
ii.41 reference point: i-psi-aim 
ii.42 reference point: i-psi-aspm 
ii.43 reference point: i-psi-em 
ii.44 reference point: i-psi-sa 
bibliography 
 
 
